Blank-white-Prestashop-Theme
============================

Demo available at http://leben.cz/blank

CONTENT

Terms of use
Credits
Download
Instructions
Known issues
Write me
Donate
TERMS OF USE

Well, I am a bit lost in all this stuff about licencing. Basically you can do whatever you want with the theme, having in mind that I cannot be blamed for any errors or losses caused by its use (well, technically blamed yes but not charged). Theme can be used for both commercial and non commercial activities of any kind. However you cannot redistribute the theme or any of the substantial part of it without my permission. Please do not offer a download of the theme or theme custom modules on your website. By downloading the theme you agree to the above mentioned conditions.

CREDITS

The work of other authors is also used in this theme. It should all be available for free use, but please always check with them if their conditions prevail. Note that in most cases the donation to the authors is greatly appreciated. The authors are:

The designer Ed Merritt, who is the author of Jura font.
The designer Floris Voorveld who is the author of FV Almelo font.
The designer Dannci who is the author of Gabo font.
The designer Vicente Lam—naca who is the author of Economica font.
The designer Dalton Maag who is the author of Ubuntu font.
Sebastian Pontow and Rene Maas who are the authors of absolutely amazing Rhinoslider.
CSS grid is generated by Grid System Generator by Ewout Kozel who himself was inspired by a work of Nathan Smith and his 960.gs grid system.
The photos used in the demo version of the slider (but these are not the part of the distribution) were taken by EmZed, Jenny Rollo and hortongrou.
The photos of the book covers (also these are not distributed with the theme) are from anonymous users who uploaded it in LibraryThing.
The patterns used in the module BLANK_BANNERS are from Evan Eckard and his DinPattern.
The module BLANK_BLOCKTOPMENU is modified version of the great Julien Breux top horizontal menu module.
The rest of the coding was done by me, that is by Oliveta.

DOWNLOAD

The theme can be downloaded free of charge on my GitHub. If you like it you can also fork me or star me ;) there.

INSTRUCTIONS

Modules

Theme is distributed with 7 great modules created or adapted by me. Modules BLANK_THEAMER and BLANK_HOMEFEATURED should be installed in order to theme working properly. Also Prestashop module BLOCKCART should be installed to allow basic functionality of the shop. Others modules are optional. Also the theme does not come with all prestashop native modules styled, however, it supports some of them, namely BLOCKCATEGORIES, BLOCKMYACCOUNT, BLOCKVIEWED and BANKWIRE.

Custom modules description

Please notice that all custom modules are bit rough, I would be going through them in the near future, trying to polish them and repair mistakes. Anyway, I would be happy to hear about the bugs you find there.
BLANK_THEAMER

Configurable module with the choices of custom font and colour reflected in the demo version.

BLANK_HOMEFEATURED

Configurable module with the choices of custom products per line reflected in the demo version. It is based on standart homefeatured module by Prestashop team. Also products in categories are listed according to products per line value.

BLANK_CONTACTINFO

Configurable module which adds the contact information on the top of the pages. Also it adds footer links and copyright information to the footer - but for this you have to manually configure the file blank_contactinfo_footer.tpl inside the module folder.

BLANK_BANNERS

Configurable module which adds styled banners to the pages. There is selection of styles and pages. Up to the five banners on one page can be displayed.

BLANK_BLOCKTOPMENU

Configurable module which is only adapted version of the famous Julien Breux horizontal menu module. Mine is better ;) since it allows to sort and levelize the items of menu by drag and drop. Also the categories and subcategories are treated independantly, so it is up to you how you finally put the menu together.

BLANK_SLIDESHOW

Configurable homepage slideshow module which is powered by Rhinoslider. You can choose the transition effect which is used by slider and add MAXINT ;) number of slides of your choice.

BLANK_DELIVERYTIME

Configurable module which adds a table with delivery options and prices to the product page. Also it shows the estimated delivery time if the product is ordered now. The estimation is made from the configurable data which include cutoff time for orders to be shipped the same day (eg. 11am), delivery time in days and bank holidays days.

Prestashop Comapatibility & Modification

COMAPATIBILITY

The theme was buil for prestashop 1.4.8, but it should be compatible with all versions 1.4. I would appreciate any compatibility reports.

MODIFICATION

The only modification made was in One Step Checkout process. It substantially humanize and simplify checkout process. If you do not want to use this modification please delete the file OrderOpcController.php in /override/controllers/.

KNOWN ISSUES

Please report any error or unexpected behavior. I will publish it here and try to repair it.

General bugs

WEIRD BEHAVIOR OF CUFON REPLACED TEXT IN SLIDER WITH CHEWYBARS EFFECT
What happend? Cufon replaced text in slider went missing after first ChewyBars transition effect.

Workaround Cufon replacement function is called in additionalResets function. However, this only guarantee that cufon replaced text appears again after the transition.

Solved? Partly.

Browser specific bugs

The theme was tested on the following browser with the following problems.

BROWSER	OS	PROBLEMS	ESTIMATED MARKET SHARE (JULY 2012)
IE 9 (9.0.8112.16421)	Windows	OK	16.93 %
IE 8	Windows	CSS3 properties (round corners, shadows) unsupported	13.26 %
IE 7	Windows	Rhinoslider does not support IE8-, therefore it is replaced by jquery.cycle, CSS3 properties unsupported	1.28 %
IE 6	Windows	Rhinoslider does not support IE8-, therefore it is replaced by jquery.cycle, CSS3 properties unsupported	0.52 %
IE 5-	Windows	Unsupported	---
Firefox 11 (11.0)	Windows	OK	---
Firefox 14 (14.0.1)	Windows, Mac OS X	OK	15.52
Chrome 21 (21.0.1180.79)	Mac OS X	OK	26.83
WRITE ME

I am sure that you do not have to be Kale Bloomkvist to find errors in my code. In order to improve the theme I would be happy to hear about them.



 


